Down below is an explination on why these reg keys are classed as 'Malicious'
please read carefully and take these in
Lots of love pyinstance <33


# Disable Task Manager
r'HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\DisableTaskMgr\s*=\s*1',

# Startup entries (user-specific)
r'HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Run\\\S+',

# Startup entries (local machine)
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Run\\\S+',

# RunOnce entries (local machine)
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\RunOnce\\\S+',

# Disable Windows Defender
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows Defender\\DisableAntiSpyware\s*=\s*1',

# Firewall modifications (disabling firewall)
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\SharedAccess\\Parameters\\FirewallPolicy\\\S+',

# Disable User Account Control (UAC)
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\EnableLUA\s*=\s*0',  # Disable UAC

# Remote Desktop modifications
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Terminal Server\\fDenyTSConnections\s*=\s*1',  # Disable Remote Desktop

# Modify LSA (Local Security Authority) to allow clear text passwords
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Control\\Lsa\\DisableDomainCreds\s*=\s*1',  # Disabling LSA credential caching

# Modify Windows Security settings to weaken security
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\Explorer\\NoSecurityTab\s*=\s*1',  # Hide the Security tab in file properties

# Disabling Windows Defender (by disabling the service)
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows Defender\\DisableAntiVirus\s*=\s*1',  # Disable Antivirus

# Disable Windows Defender updates
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows Defender\\SignatureUpdates\s*=\s*0',  # Disable Defender Signature updates

# Disabling Windows Update
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\Explorer\\NoWindowsUpdate\s*=\s*1',  # Disable Windows Update

# Add backdoor persistence for a malicious service
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\System\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\\S+',  # Adding malicious service (can include backdoor persistence)

# Elevate privilege by adding user to administrators group
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\Explorer\\ShowAdminDems\s*=\s*1',  # Show admin permissions

# Add malicious proxy or DNS configuration
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Internet Settings\\ProxyServer\s*=\s*\S+',  # Set proxy to a malicious address

# Disabling Windows Event Log
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SYSTEM\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\EventLog\\\S+',  # Event log modification (disable logs)

# Change shell to malicious executable (possible backdoor)
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\Winlogon\\Shell\s*=\s*\S+',  # Change Windows Shell to malicious executable

# Malicious auto-elevated scheduled task
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows NT\\CurrentVersion\\Schedule\\TaskCache\\Tree\\\S+',  # Malicious scheduled task registry key

# Disable Windows Firewall via registry
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SYSTEM\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\MpsSvc\\Start\s*=\s*4',  # Disable Windows Firewall by setting service to disabled

# Disable antivirus protection for third-party AV
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SOFTWARE\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\Explorer\\DisableAntiSpyware\s*=\s*1',  # Disable third-party AV

# Disable automatic lock screen (persistent remote access)
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Policies\\System\\InactivityTimeoutSecs\s*=\s*0',  # Disable automatic lock screen

# Disable logging of security events
r'HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\\SYSTEM\\CurrentControlSet\\Services\\EventLog\\Security\\Start\s*=\s*4',  # Disable security event log


